I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The affected individual has normal secondary sexual characteristics with no pregnancy history. When she was 12 years old, her fingers and toes became shorter and broader. Because she did not feel any pain, she did not go to see a doctor at that time. Since a compression fracture of lumbar spine one in 2007, she has had severe lumbago and difficulty in walking. She came to our department in December 2008.  She was presented with a short stature of 152 cm. She had bushy eyebrows, and her hair was black and coarse. She had a flat face, a large auricle, and a small lower jaw (Fig. 1a) Her fingers and toes were short and broad (Fig. 1b). Her hearing was normal. On superficial examination, the teeth appear normal. Her intelligence was normal, but a memory decline had been progressing during the last 5 years. Radiographs showed osteoporosis of the hands and acro-osteolysis and soft tissue swelling at the proximal ends of the distal phalanges of the fingers (Fig. 1c) and toes. There was osteoporosis of the spine, with compression fractures of T4, T5, T7, T11 and L1 vertebrae. Physical characteristics: her hair was black and coarse, and she had facial features characteristic of elderly individuals, a broad nose, bushy eyebrows, a flat face, a large auricle and a small lower jaw (a); her fingers were short and broad (b). Radiography features: osteoporosis of the hands, osteolysis and soft tissue swelling at the proximal end of the distal phalanges of the fingers (c). 