I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

An 18-year-old woman was initially referred to our Department for genetic evaluation of suspected atypical Noonan syndrome with pulmonic stenosis, short stature, and brachydactyly. The patient was born at term after an uneventful pregnancy from consanguineous parents (second-degree cousins, Supplementary Figure S2). After birth, a valvular pulmonary stenosis and a small muscular ventricular septal defect were observed. The VSD closed spontaneously. The valvular stenosis underwent an unsuccessful balloon catheterisation when the patient was 8 years old, with subsequent spontaneous regression. She developed a high degree of myopia (−10 dpt) in early childhood, but no further ophthalmological abnormalities were reported.  Upon examination at age 19 years, the patient presented with short stature (140cm), muscular build, scoliosis, and an accentuated lumbar lordosis. She was highly myopic (−13.5 dpt OD and −16 dpt OS). She had joint stiffness at the elbows with reduced motility (supination −23°) and was unable to make a fist with both hands. Her knees were also affected, and contracture of the calf musculature had led to an inability to stand with both feet parallel and simultaneously on the ground. She had marked brachydactyly. Her father had also brachydactyly and was of short stature, as well as her mother (145 cm). No other family members were affected.  The referral diagnosis of Noonan syndrome was based on her short stature and the presence of pulmonic stenosis. Brachydactyly was considered an independent familial dominant trait. Genetic analysis did not reveal functional variants in the PTPN11, SOS1, KRAS, and RAF1 genes. However, the pattern of brachydactyly, joint stiffness, ophthalmological symptoms, and heart defect led us to suspect a diagnosis of WMS, which was further strengthened by the finding of microspherophakia in a scheduled ophthalmological examination. 