I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

Patient II.1 is the oldest brother (9 years old). Although he is similarly affected, he was originally misdiagnosed for cerebral palsy because of prematurity and early lower limb spasticity. Postnatally, he was admitted to the NICU because of respiratory distress; however, no mechanical ventilation was required. By the age of 4 months, his lower limbs were markedly spastic with scissoring. As a 2-year-old, his speech and motor developmental delay were notable. He could not sit unsupported for long periods, but could take a few steps while holding onto objects with evident lower limbs spasticity and marked truncal hypotonia. He started to speak when he was 3 years old. On examination, he was alert and cooperative despite delay in active speech. His gait, performed with difficulty for few steps, demonstrated tiptoe walking with limited knee and hip extension and trunk flexion. At 2 and 3 years old, he was admitted to an inpatient pediatric rehabilitation and training program for 4 months each, which aimed to support motor and speech development. The response was good, as gross motor functions, including sitting, crawling and kneeling, standing, and walking for a short distance without support or orthopedic aid, became possible. He showed a more secure and significantly improved gait, and was able to pick up objects from the ground and walk up to 600 meters without supportive aids. His Gross Motor Function Measure (GMFM) chart, at the age of 3 years showed continued improvements with the percentage of sitting 100%, standing 74% and walking 56%. However, as a 7-year-old, he underwent tenotomies for his spastic hips and ankles. Follow up at 9 years showed him to have an unsupported gait with primary forefoot contact, knee in flexion and lumber lordosis. Features of truncal hypotonia, markedly limited ankle dorsiflexion and ankle clonus were notable. His speech showed mild dysarthria. He has learning difficulties and is attending a mainstream school with extra support. Multiple and variable-sized areas of brownish skin discoloration were present at different places on his body (Fig. 1.1). Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) showed dysgenic/TCC and white matter cystic changes (Fig. 1.2). 