I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

An eleven-year-old boy (Figure 1, III-1) with a history of impaired vision since age 4 was referred to one of the authors (S.J.I.) for evaluation. Corrected distance visual acuity (CDVA) was 20/25 OU and both corneas were clear but enlarged with horizontal corneal diameters measuring 15.0 mm OD and 14.5 mm OS (Figure 2A–C). The intraocular pressures were within normal limits and optic nerve cupping was not observed in either eye. At age 15, he was referred to another of the authors (A.J.A.) for examination and DNA collection. CDVA measured 20/25 OD and 20/30 OS and slit lamp examination revealed bilaterally enlarged cornea diameters of 14.0 mm OU without abnormalities of clarity or contour. The anterior chambers were of increased depth, measuring 6.34 mm OD and 6.14 mm OS and the central corneal pachymetry was decreased at 463 microns OD and 461 microns OS. Corneal topographic imaging was unremarkable, with average keratometry values of 43.9 D OD and 44.0 D OS (Figure 2D). Slit lamp photomicrographs of 11-year-old boy with X-linked megalocornea demonstrating (A) enlarged corneal diameter (B) normal corneal contour and (C) deep anterior chamber. (D) Corneal tomographic imaging of the right eye demonstrates an average corneal curvature of 43.9 D and 1.4 diopters of with-the-rule astigmatism on the Keratometric map (bottom left). The Thickness map (bottom right) demonstrates decreased central and peripheral corneal thickness and an estimated anterior chamber depth of 6.34 mm. 