I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

Patient 2 The proband’s sister was also born at term by cesarean section because of a breech presentation. Because of her affected sibling, neurological examination was performed in the neonatal period, but no abnormalities were seen until the age of 2 years and 7 months. From that moment, she started to lag in motor development. Neurological examination at that time showed hypotonia, hyperextension of the knees and elbows, and a waddling gait. Gowers’ sign was positive. Although due to lack of cooperation formal muscle strength testing was not possible, no obvious facial and shoulder weakness was seen. She had a lumbar lordosis and pes planes (Fig. 1D–F). Cardiac examination was normal and routine hematological and chemical analysis showed no abnormalities. EMG revealed normal motor and sensory conduction velocities, and amplitudes. Due to lack of cooperation, needle examination was limited to the rectus femoris muscle which showed no abnormalities. Quantitative muscle ultrasound [9] showed abnormal echo intensities in all extremities (Fig. 2). At the most recent follow-up at the age of 5 years, the parents reported that she had more difficulties with keeping her head straight with an occasional head drop backwards. Running skills have improved slightly but she stumbled regularly. Examination showed a girl with normal intelligence. Muscle strength testing showed weakness MRC grade 2 of the neck flexors, axial muscles, hip abductor, and periscapular muscles, and a weakness grade 4 of the hip flexors, biceps and distal muscles. The muscle biopsy of patient 2 at the age of 3 years and 3 months showed an increased percentage of fibers (19%) with internal nuclei (Fig. 5). The fibers were unevenly stained on HE and Gomori trichrome, with the presence of cytoplasmic bodies and large clusters of nemaline rods. There was a predominance of type 1 fibers. Enzyme histochemistry with ATP-ase revealed rubbed out areas; with NADH, SDH and COX uneven areas with diminished to absent staining became apparent. Immunohistochemistry with antibodies against alpha-actinin-2 revealed accumulations of rods, in other areas aggregations of desminpositive material were present. Immunohistochemistry for dystrophin, sarcoglycans, alpha-dystroglycan, dysferlin, and caveolin-3 showed normal staining of the muscle membranes. With immunocytochemistry for merosin, the muscle basal membrane stained normally. Nuclei were normally stained with emerin and lamin A/C. With caveolin-3, vimentin, dysferlin and beta-dystroglycan roughly and diffusely stained aggregates were seen in the rubbed out areas of the cytoplasm of the fibers. More discrete, partly linear staining was seen with antibodies against dystrophins and all sarcoglycans. Electron microscopy analysis showed areas with Z-band streaming and rods, often in large aggregates. These aggregates were accompanied by osmiophilic granular material, degenerating membranous organelles and cytoplasmic bodies. Intranuclear rods were not present. Biochemical analysis for mitochondrial defects revealed no abnormalities. 