I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

We present here a 10-year-old boy who was referred to the department of Medical Genetics for dysmorphological evaluation because of severe developmental delay, short stature and dysmorphic features. He was the third child of healthy, non-consanguineous Turkish parents. His parents and two siblings were healthy. He was born at term after an uneventful pregnancy. His birth weight was 3000 g (10-25th centile), height 50 cm (50th centile). His developmental milestones were globally delayed.  At the age of 10, his height was 87.5 cm (<3rd centile), his weight 15300 g (10-25 centile) and head circumference 49,5 cm (<3rd centile). Physical examination revealed coarse facial appearance, low-set ears, sparse eyebrows, bilateral ptosis, down-slanted palpebral fissures, epicanthal folds, bulbous nose, prominent philtrum, high-arched palate, thick lower lip, pectus excavatum, clinodactyly of fifth fingers (Fig. 1a). His hair was curly. Two cafe-au-lait spots were also noted. A hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was detected by echocardiography. On neurological examination, he had severe mental retardation (IQ below 50) with poor social interaction at the age of 10. Myopia was detected on ophthalmical examination. Fundus examination and visual evoked potentials were normal. Laboratory tests were normal. Magnetic resonance imaging showed cortical atrophy of the brain. Abdominal ultrasonography, X-ray of vertebral column and extremities were normal. A hearing test was normal. His karyotype was 46 XY. 