I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The proband (Patient III-4) was a 4-year-old girl who was delivered at term by cesarean section owing to the breech position. She weighed 2720 g (6 lb) (10th percentile) at birth and had a wide anterior fontanelle; bilateral fractures of the humeri, radii, ulnae, femora, and tibiae were noted on radiographs. She was able to sit independently at the age of 2.75 years and was able to walk at the age of 3.5 years with the use of long leg braces and a walker. Postnatal fractures began to occur when she reached 6 months of age; she sustained six long-bone fractures and underwent four lower-extremity osteotomy procedures. Her growth curve fell below normal by the age of 6 months. At 28 months of age, her weight and length were both at the 50th percentile for a normal 9-month-old girl. She had generalized, moderate ligamentous laxity, triangular facies with a high-bossed forehead, and proptosis. An umbilical hernia was noted at the age of 5 months. She had bilateral pes planus. Skeletal radiographs obtained when she was a newborn revealed osteoporotic long bones, with undertubulation and bowing of the femora and tibiae (Figure 1B, top row). By the age of 15 months, the vertebral bodies of T11 through L2 showed substantial anterior compression. At 33 months, long-bone undertubulation had improved but was still present in the femoral metaphyses. The z score for L1 to L4 on dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) was −3.9 at the age of 3.5 years. 