I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

Patient 1  was the first born from healthy parents, non-consanguineous for their account. Family history was unremarkable, except for three prior spontaneous miscarriages. The pregnancy was complicated by intrauterine growth retardation. Delivery at term was normal, with a weight at birth of 2,350 g (<3rd centile), length of 47 cm (3rd centile), and occipital– frontal circumference of 32 cm (5th centile). APGAR scores were 6 and 9 at 1 and 5 min, respectively. He had bilateral postaxial extra-digits on his hands that were surgically removed in his late childhood. He also had bilateral cutaneous syndactyly of fingers 2–5, clinodactyly of the fifth fingers, and fingertip pads. His lower limbs were normal. Since the first months of life, he developed generalized seizures, which were controlled by anticonvulsant drugs. Developmental milestones were delayed and the patient showed cognitive difficulties during childhood, with an I.Q. of 70 (Terman-Merril scale) measured at the age of 9 years. For these reasons, he has undergone developmental and speech therapies since the age of 3 years. At the age of 17 years, his height was 165 cm (3rd centile), weight was 67 kg (50th centile), and head circumference 53 cm (10th centile). He had distinctive facial features, including prominent thick eyebrows, malocclusion, high-arched palate, and rounded prominent jaw (Figure 1G and H). A cerebral magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) disclosed thinning of the cerebral cortex in front of the ventricular collateral trigone (not shown). Wakefulness electroencephalograms showed diffuse high amplitude slow waves intermingled with sharp waves or spikes. Since early adulthood he started to complain of migraine. As part of his neurological presentation, he also presented lower limbs weakness and some walking difficulties. At the age of 30, after an episode of loss of consciousness associated with generalized seizures, he underwent a follow-up brain MRI scan, which showed diffuse white matter signal abnormalities and multifocal cortical–subcortical infarcts involving both cerebral hemispheres (Figure 1P and Q). 