I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

Case 1: The proband (IV.1, Fig. 1) was a 12-year old boy born to consanguineous parents of Yemeni origin. He was born at term via spontaneous vaginal delivery. At 8-months of age, his parents noted hearing deficit, which was clinically diagnosed as bilateral severe sensorineural hearing loss. A cochlear implant (CI) was placed in the right ear at 4 years of age. He was asthmatic, and parents reported an acute exacerbation of asthma once every three months, requiring salbutamol nebulization. At 3-years of age, he had an episode of bronchopneumonia along with an acute exacerbation of asthma. Upon examination, he was found to be an alert and active boy with a thin build. Height and weight measurements were both around the 3rd centile. He had a triangular face with deep seated eyes, sparse eyebrows and prominent and posteriorly angulated ears  (Fig. 2A). Syndactyly was noted between the 2nd and 3rd toes bilaterally, and the elbow and knee joints were found to be  hyperextensible. There were no other clinically abnormal findings, apart from hyperpigmented skin lesions at the suprapubic  region and the presence of dry scaly palms. Speech delay was moderate. He was able to speak in sentences, but with poor  articulation. There was also cognitive delay, noted by the inability to tell the time in minutes, or to follow complex commands.  Brain CT scan revealed a posterior third ventricular cystic lesion, suggestive of an arachnoid cyst, along with  partial agenesis of the corpus callosum. 