I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The proband is a 2-year and 7-month-old Mexican mestizo male (Figure 1(a), individual III.2). He was referred at 5 months of age due to cholestatic syndrome characterized by jaundice and pale stools, which began as of the third week of life. He is the only child of a young, apparently healthy, and unrelated couple. The pregnancy lasted 39 weeks and was complicated by maternal cholelithiasis at the fourth month. Antibiotics were indicated for repetitive urinary infections as of the fifth month. Delivery was carried out by cesarean section due to fetal distress. The newborn’s weight was 2200 g (P<5), height was 48 cm (P<5), and Apgar score was 8/9.  The cognitive development of the patient is normal. At nine months of age, his weight was 6 kg (P<5), height was 64 cm (P<5), and head circumference was 44.5 cm (P25-50). He manifested generalized jaundice, dry skin, and an anterior fontanelle that had not yet closed. He had sparse eyebrows, a broad forehead, deep-set eyes, a triangular face, prominent ears, a heart murmur, hepatomegaly, and hypotrophic limbs (Figures 1(b) and 1(c)). His liver function tests were abnormal (Figure 1(d)) and an abdominal ultrasound analysis demonstrated generalized thickening of the biliary tract. The X-ray analysis showed a butterfly-like image in several dorsal vertebrae (Figure 1(e)). Right and left pulmonary hypoplasia were diagnosed by echocardiogram analysis. A magnetic resonance image analysis at the age of 1 year and 2 months displayed widening of the subarachnoid space and bilateral subarachnoid cysts in the temporal fossa. The optic nerve in both eyes was normal. At 2 years and 2 months of age, he developed xanthomata in both elbows and in his knuckles, and at 2 years and 4 months of age, posterior embryotoxon was diagnosed. A hepatic biopsy detected intracytoplasmic cholestasis and the absence of interlobular conducts. 