I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

Both parents were healthy and of Caucasian ethnicity without known consanguinity. A maternal uncle was diagnosed incidentally with an Arnold-Chiari malformation, but additional medical records were not available. The pregnancy with the proband was complicated by hypertension and hyperemesis, but no maternal exposures were reported. An ultrasound scan at 34 weeks of gestation showed reduced fetal movements without any detected structural abnormalities, and an ultrasound scan at 35 weeks was reported to be normal. The proband was born to a 28-year old, G1P0-1 mother by spontaneous vaginal delivery at 40 weeks and 6 days of gestation. His weight was 3286 g (10e25th centile) and length was 50.8 cm (25-50th centile). Apgar scores were 3, 4, and 8 at 1, 5 and 10 min respectively. He remained in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) for 25 days after birth because of respiratory distress and jaundice and was evaluated for sepsis during his stay. During the neonatal period, he was noted to have dysmorphic features and global developmental delays. A submucous cleft palate was identified at three years of age, but no surgery was performed and he suffered episodes of food in his Eustachian tubes. His general health was complicated by frequent ear infections that were treated by myringotomy at five years of age and he had a perforated right tympanic membrane. However, his last audiogram at five years of age showed normal hearing. He has had chronic constipation and had one admission for fecal impaction. He underwent surgery for strabismus and had orchidopexy for bilateral cryptorchidism at five years of age. He has been treated for talipes with braces. When last seen at seven years of age, he had oral aversion, and his diet was limited to avocado, rice cereal and flaxseed oil. He was able to crawl and walk independently. He was able to babble and vocalize but did not utter words with meaning; he would tug on his parents’ clothing and use a picture board to communicate his needs. On examination at seven years of age, height was 111.8 cm (0.21st centile; Z score 2.86) and weight was 18.5 kg (0.46th centile; Z score 2.6). Head circumference was 49.5 cm at five years of age (19th centile). He had a frontal upsweep with a high anterior hairline, small eyes with slightly upslanted and narrow palpebral  fissures and relatively large ears. The nasal tip was bulbous and he had a short columella and a large mouth with a thin vermilion and a small chin. The left side of his chest was prominent and he had thoracolumbar scoliosis. The elbows could not fully extend and he wore orthoses for bilateral talipes. He had camptodactyly of the second to fifth fingers and short second and fifth toes and his second toes overlapped his third toes bilaterally. His fingers were doughy and his hands and feet showed fleshy palmar and plantar skin with deep creases. There was lateral foot dimpling at the fifth metatarsophalangeal joints. His hands and feet were reddened, and he had small nails. He was hypotonic and the reflexes were hard to elicit. A magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan of the brain showed an Arnold-Chiari malformation type I, with crowding of the foramen magnum. An abdominal radiograph showed a 3.2  3.4 cm cystic structure in the left perihilar region that was thought to be a bronchogenic cyst. Radiographs of the pelvis and spine showed a large, S-shaped right thoracic scoliosis with an apex at T8 and a 40 curvature, a left thoracolumbar scoliosis with the center at L2 and a 47 curvature. His chest was described as ‘bell-shaped’ and his pelvis had large iliac crests and a small inlet. Renal imaging showed hydronephrosis, multiple bilateral renal cysts and calyceal diverticula. 