I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

A 14-year-old Thai girl was born via cesarean section due to premature rupture of the membrane with a birth weight of 2500 g. She is the first child of a consanguineous (second-degree relatives) couple. Both parents are healthy and have never had fractures. During her first year of life, she had delayed motor development and growth failure. At one year of age, she could not sit by herself and weighed 7.5 kg (< 3rd centile). She presented to our hospital at 14 months of age with fractures of both femora without a history of significant trauma. She was found to have ptosis of both eyes with normal teeth but no blue sclerae. She was small for her age. Her weight was 7.8 kg (3rd centile) and her length was 68 cm (< 3rd centile). Skeletal survey showed diffuse osteopenia, multiple healed fractures of the right humoral shaft, both tibiae and fibulae. Spine radiograph showed flattening and indentation of vertebral bodies (Fig. 1). Radiological features of the proband. Imaging of the thoracic and lumbar spines at 14 months of age, (a) the antero-posterior and (b) lateral views revealed depressed multiple vertebrae. Figures c-f showed imaging at 14 years of age of upper extremities (c-d) and lower extremities (e-f) revealing deformities of humeri, left ulna and radius, right tibia and fibula, left tibia and fibula, respectively 