I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

At the time of admission, the proband was a 32-year-old woman. She had been complaining of a dry irritating cough for 2 years and progressive breathlessness on exertion for 6 months. She had no exudative retinopathy, growth retardation, immune deficiency, or cancer. Physical examination revealed reticulated hypopigmentation of the body, nail dystrophy, and tongue leukoplakia (Fig.1A–C). Computed tomography of chest showed subpleural, basal predominance of reticular abnormalities and honeycombing with traction bronchiectasis (Fig.1D). Her pulmonary function test showed severe restrictive ventilator dysfunction. Forced vital capacity was 32.46% of the predicted value, and the forced expiratory volume in first second was 36.81% of the predicted value. A right heel rash biopsy showed obvious pathological hyperkeratosis, focal acantholysis, squamous epithelial hyperplasia, and epithelial foot extension. 