I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

A male infant with congenital ichthyosis, presented as collodion baby phenotype, was transferred to a department of neonatal intensive care (level III) at the age of 11 weeks for further diagnosis. He was born at 33 weeks' gestation to a 34-year-old gravida 2, para 2, healthy woman. He was delivered by caesarean section, his birth weight was 1245g (3c, Z score −1,9) (Fenton and Kim, 2013), head circumference 28cm (3–10 c, Z score −1,5), and an Apgar score of eight in the first and fifth minute. The pregnancy was complicated by intrauterine growth restriction and the premature rupture of membranes. The woman's first child is a 7-year-old healthy girl. The family history was negative for any congenital disorders. A physical examination after delivery revealed thick scales all over the body, a lack of hair and dysmorphic features including microphthalmia, hypotelorism, trigonocephaly, low-set ears, natal teeth, bilateral cryptorchidism and pes planus (Fig. 1). The patient's history preceding the transfer included congenital pneumonia requiring mechanical ventilation, oxygeno-dependance till the 67th day of life, secondary infections, anaemia and failure to thrive. At admission to the NICU, apart from the above-mentioned features, physical examination revealed ectropion, eclabium, hypertonia, multiple constriction bands over fingers and hyperkeratotic scales over nails. The patient's weight was 1735g (««3c, Z score −6,4) and laboratory tests showed multiple metabolic abnormalities including hypoproteinaemia, hypoalbuminemia, hypocalcaemia and hypophosphatemia. Enteral feeding appeared to be ineffective due to vomiting. Parenteral nutrition via a central venous catheter was introduced to provide the optimal caloric intake and to supplement for deficiencies. Hypertrophic pyloric stenosis was identified to be the cause of feeding problems. Nonetheless, the surgical treatment had to be postponed as the infant developed systemic infection, at first bacterial, then fungal (Candida albicans) which led to multiorgan failure with: renal failure, thrombocytopenia, anaemia, coagulopathy and respiratory failure requiring a high frequency oscillatory ventilation for four weeks. The fungal sepsis was treated with micafungin and amphotericin B for 50 days. The infant's condition improved, and he was assessed as fit for surgery which would enable enteral feeding. A laparotomy revealed slightly hypertrophic pylorus, adhesions obstructing the distal part of duodenum and Meckel's diverticulum which were removed. During further hospitalisation, the patient developed catheter-related sepsis three times. In two instances, blood cultures were positive for Staphylococcus haemolitycus and in one case for Klebsiella pneumoniae. The latter resulted in respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation for a number of days. After this, the patient remained oxygen-dependant. Although infections were treated according to antibiograms and central venous catheters were replaced every time, the biochemical markers of infection never reached normal limits. Hepatosplenomegaly was palpable on physical examination. Permanent lymphopenia, neutropenia and thrombocytopenia were present on a complete blood count. Immunological tests were inconclusive for any primary immune deficiency (Table 1). The patient's proneness to infection seemed to be due to his skin condition, hospitalisation in the ICU, and colonization by drug resistant bacterial strains. As for the infant's skin, a daily bath in potassium permanganate solution was followed by the mechanical removal of scales and regular application of sterile silicone lubricant prepared in the hospital's pharmacy. Dexpanthenol gel was applied topically on the eyes to protect the cornea. The skin condition had only slightly improved following this management. When enteral feedings were restored, a hypercaloric formula was introduced. Nevertheless, the infant was not gaining weight and cachexia continued to progress. He also continued to have hypocalcaemia and hypophosphatemia despite oral s upplementation. Regarding his neurological evaluation, MRI scan was conducted because of trigonocephaly. The examination showed delayed myelination, dilated ventricles, and structural alterations of frontal lobes. In terms of genetic diagnosis, new generation sequencing was the first to be performed with the results being negative (Table 2).  