I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

Family 2: A 15-year-old boy (F2: IV: 1) presented with a history of frequent falls, unsteadiness, and pain insensitivity from an early age of 4 years [Figure 1(a)]. During the 5-year follow-up, he was hospitalized multiple times due to skin ulcers and osteomyelitis affecting his feet and toes. There was mild spasticity in the lower limbs with minimal pyramidal weakness (MRC4). Tendon reflexes were exaggerated with negative extensor response. Touch, pinprick, temperature and vibration revealed mild impairment in the distal part of the lower extremities for all the affected’s from family 1 while it was normal for family 2. In both families, applying strong pressure to the Achilles tendon or touching the exposed bony areas was not followed by an adequate pain reflex. Neurophysiological findings were normal or mildly abnormal in family 1 in the early stages but follow-up studies revealed sensory axonal polyneuropathy predominantly in the lower limbs while it was normal for family 2. Sympathetic skin response and beat to beat variation were also found to be normal for family 2 but abnormal in family 1 indicating involvement of the autonomic nervous system. Cerebral MRI as well as other hematological and biochemical investigations was normal 