I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The proband is a 10-year-old female born to healthy parents as an only child (Fig. 1). Her nonconsanguineous parents originated from the same small part of Chiloé Island off the coast of southern Chile. She was born after an uneventful pregnancy at 38 weeks of gestation with Apgar scores of 9 and 10 at 1 and 5 min, respectively. At birth, her weight, length, and occipitofrontal circumference were 2950 g (−0.73 SD), 49 cm (−0.33 SD), and 34 cm (−0.41 SD), respectively. Dysmorphic features were noted at birth, including dolichocephaly, prominent ears, long palpebral fissures with palpebral ptosis, and high-arched palate. She presented with neonatal hypotonia and feeding problems with severe failure to thrive during the first 3 years of life (Fig. 1), requiring nutritional supplements and a nasogastric tube. Neurological evaluation at 10 months of age revealed global hypotonia, muscle weakness, and nystagmus, which is currently absent. After the first year of life, hypotonia and muscular weakness showed spontaneous improvement. She showed predominantly motor developmental delay, walking independently at 27 months of age. After 1 year of age, she spoke single words with difficulty and a remarkable nasal voice. Serum creatine kinase was normal in her medical records. Electromyography and nerve conduction velocity were normal at 3 and 6 years of age. Muscle biopsy had not been performed. Brain magnetic resonance imaging at 6 years was unremarkable and serum amino-acid profile was normal. At 7 years, her intelligence quotient was 49, requiring special educational support. At 9 years, serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1; 199 ng/ml, normal range: 175–445 ng/ml) and IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3; 3188 ng/ml, normal range: 3100–4544 ng/ml) were normal, and bone age was concordant with her chronological age. Growth hormone and sexual hormones were not measured. Her karyotype is 46,XX. From the age of 4 years, she developed hyperphagia (Fig. 1). Her current body mass index at 10 years is 27.6 kg/m2 (+2.8 SD) based on weight (46 kg, +1.9 SD) and height (129 cm, −1.6 SD). She had facial weakness with bilateral palpebral ptosis, open mouth with tented upper lip, and large front teeth (Fig. 1). Social development is normal. Salivation is normal, and her nasal voice persists. Her motor exam revealed that the patient has global muscle weakness and it is more prominent at the proximal muscles (deltoid and psoas muscles), with reduced osteotendinous reflexes and Gower sign. Her gait is normal and mild scoliosis is recognized, and she is accordingly receiving physiotherapeutic intervention. There is no history of fatigability or muscle wasting induced by exercise or fluctuation in peripheral weakness. Facial weakness is occasionally seen and irregularly improves transiently together with mild attenuation of palpebral ptosis and open mouth. 