I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The patient was born at 38 weeks of gestation to non-consanguineous Japanese parents. Birth weight, length and head circumference were 2,59Z g (−0.92 s.d.), 45 cm (−1.7 s.d.) and 33 cm (−0.1 s.d.), respectively. Ambiguous genitalia, low set ears, a short nose and Y-shaped 2–3 toe syndactyly were detected at birth (Figure 1a and b). Examination of the patient’s genitalia revealed a micropenis (stretch length: 1.5 cm), left lateral testicular hypoplasia (right and left diameters: 10 and 5 mm, respectively), hypospadias and a bifid scrotum (Figure 1c). Echography and magnetic resonance imaging failed to detect the presence of a uterus or ovaries. Blood examination revealed a relatively low total cholesterol (T. Chol) level (46 mg/dl) (reference: 129–232), normal testosterone and slightly low anti-mullerian hormone level for males. Urine steroid profile was normal. G-banding analysis confirmed a normal 46,XY male karyotype. From these results, the patient was recorded in public office documents as male. We performed cholesterol analysis with high-performance liquid chromatography. This analysis revealed relative hypocholesterolemia and high 7-DHC and 8-dehydrocholesterol levels in the patient and normal levels (undetectable) in his parents (Table 1). T. Chol/7-DHC was significantly lower in the patient than in his parents. Therefore, he was biochemically diagnosed with SLOS. The patient also presented with allergies for milk and eggs, and eczema throughout his body. His eczema, considered to be atopic dermatitis, was treated with corticosteroid ointment. 