I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The proposita was born at 39 1/7 weeks of gestation by spontaneous vaginal delivery after an uneventful pregnancy. The infant was an appropriate size for her gestational age, with a birth weight of 3,020 g. The parents were nonconsanguineous. Antenatal ultrasonography revealed bilateral pelvic dilatation and polyhydramnios. At birth, the patient had coarse facial features with midface retraction, frontal bossing, bitemporal narrowing, wide anterior fontanel, hypertrichosis over the forehead, low nasal bridge, ocular hypertelorism, low set ears, abdominal distention, and bilateral talipes equinovarus (Figure 1). Radiological examination showed bowed long bones and broad ribs (Figure 2). Echocardiogram revealed patent ductus arteriosus and patent foramen ovale. Abdominal ultrasound showed severe hydronephrosis on the right, moderate hydronephrosis on the left, and diastasis recti. Optic fundus examination and auditory brainstem response testing were normal. Cerebral magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed moderate dilatation of the third and lateral ventricles, 2-3 mm choroidal cysts with grossly normal cerebral structures. Bilateral megacalycosis with nonobstructive dilatation was seen on abdominal MRI (Figure 3). Screening tests for inborn metabolism errors were negative. Complete blood count and renal function tests were normal. On follow-up examination at 8 months of age, the patient had severe growth retardation, developmental delays, feeding problems, and seizures, which were partially controlled with antiepileptic drugs. She had severe visual impairment with absence of fixation and no reaction to bright light. An auditory evoked response test was repeated and showed severe deafness. She died at 11 months of age from respiratory failure. 