I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

A 2-year-5-month-old, developmentally normal female child was brought with complaints of progressive abdominal distension noticed since one year of age. There was no history of fever, vomiting, loose stools or constipation. Jaundice or bleeding manifestations were absent. Poor weight- and height-gain were noticed since infancy. There were no seizures, altered sensorium, early morning lethargy or earlier hospital admissions. The child was the first-born of second-degree consanguineous parents. There was no similar illness in the family. She had a cherubic facies. There was no pallor, icterus or clubbing. The height (74 cm) and weight (8.45 kg) were less for the age (weight-for-age z-score was -3.4; heightfor-age z-score was -4.7). A firm hepatomegaly was palpable 12 cm below the costal margin. The spleen was not palpable. The haematological workup, serum electrolytes, bilirubin, creatinine, International Normalized Ratio, uric acid, and Creatinine phospho kinase (and its MB component) were within normal range. The child had serum aspartate transaminase of 445 IU/L, serum alanine aminotransferase of 484 IU/L, serum alkaline phosphatase of 813 IU/L, serum albumin of 4.2 g/dL, serum total protein of 7 g/dL. Serum triglycerides were 854 mg/dL and serum cholesterol was 249 mg/dL. Fasting blood glucose was 60 mg/dL and serum bicarbonate was 23 meq/L. Ultrasound showed hepatomegaly without any adenoma or nodularity and normal-sized kidneys. Liver biopsy showed mildly distorted architecture. Hepatocytes were swollen with rarefaction of cytoplasm, prominent cell membrane and centrally placed nucleus. Portal tracts showed mild to moderate inflammatory infiltrate composed predominantly of lymphocytes and few neutrophils. There was fibrous expansion of portal tracts with porto-portal bridging and occasional incomplete nodule. PeriodicAcid-Schiff staining positivity with diastase-sensitivity was present. Esophago-gastroduodenoscopy did not show varices. 