I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The proband is a 6-year-old female, second-born of non-consanguineous healthy parents. She was born by cesarean section delivery at 38 weeks of gestation, after a pregnancy complicated by intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). Her birth weight was 2,095 g. A Tetralogy of Fallot was diagnosed soon after birth, requiring cardiac surgery intervention at the age of 6 months. During the first 2 months, she showed feeding difficulties, associated with gastroesophageal reflux. Moreover, she also had a neurodevelopmental delay. She sat independently at 11 months, walked at 18 months, and pronounced her first words at 2 years. Due to the occurrence of palpebral ptosis, a Duane syndrome was suspected. Nevertheless, brain MRI was normal, occipitofrontal circumference was 47.8 cm (z-score −1.5). Main dysmorphic facial features included: large ears, long smooth philtrum, thin upper lip, high arched palate, hanging columella, narrow long face, wide forehead, sunken eyes, and hypotelorism (Figure 1A). The patient also has finger abnormalities, i.e., broad thumbs and first toes, and fetal pads (Figure 1A). At 5 years, tonic-clonic seizures occurred, thus valproate treatment was started. At the latest neurological evaluation, at 6 years of age, she has mild intellectual disability, mild motor difficulty, and episodic behavioral disorders.  