I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

Patient B III-1 is the first child from healthy unrelated Caucasian parents. Mother and father were both 26 years old at time of conception. Cerebral ventricular dilatation was suspected on pre-natal ultrasound but not confirmed by fetal cerebral MRI. Fetal karyotype was normal (46, XY). Premature labor occurred and delivery took place at a gestational age of 35 weeks. BW was 2050 g (third centile); BL 46.5 cm (50th centile) and OFC 34 cm (90th centile). He had cup-shaped ears with missing earlobes, right facial palsy, bifid uvula and mild retrognathism (Fig. 4) with associated cryptorchidism and global hypotonia. Swallowing difficulties with poor feeding were noted. Laryngoscopy revealed left vocal cord palsy. An atrial septal defect was diagnosed by echocardiography. Fundoscopy showed right retinal coloboma. Brainstem electric response audiometry identified a sensorineural deafness, visual evoked potentials were in the normal range. Metabolic work-up did not show any anomaly. This boy died on day 19 after refractory convulsive episodes starting on day 4. Encephalopathy and hydrocephaly were subsequently noted, as post-natal cerebral MRI (day 7) showed quadriventricular enlargement because of bloody effusion in occipital horns without any underlying vascular malformation. On autopsy, brain external examination revealed the absence of olfactory bulbs with a thin corpus callosum. On microscopic exam, cranial nerve roots were normal. Deep cerebellar heterotopia was present. Complete macroscopic and microscopic examinations were otherwise normal except for the presence of testis in the inguinal canals. 