I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

A 12-year-old Greek girl was admitted because of fever, and cough for a week. Her parents were not consanguineous. She had no remarkable perinatal problems and had been vaccinated as scheduled. She had a history of atopic dermatitis since 6 months of age. Past medical history also revealed recurrent infections, including multiple episodes of skin abscesses and pneumonia. She had a history of two hospitalizations for pneumonia with cyst formation in the right lung and numerous visits at the clinic for the treatment of skin abscesses caused by Staphyloccocus aureus. Family history revealed no members with relevant allergic or immunologic diseases. On physical examination, her height was 118 cm (under the 5th percentile), and her weight was 25.8 kg (under the 5th percentile). She had coarse facial features with facial asymmetry, and prominent forehead. She was also diagnosed with scoliosis with maximal curvature of 14°. Complete blood cell counts demonstrated a high total eosinophil count (max 4000 cells/μl). The serum IgE level was increased at 74.000 IU/ml. All other laboratory data examined, such as serum immunoglobulin level, the oxidative burst of granulocytes and complement components, were normal with the exception of slightly increased IgD titer (300 mg/l). Lymphocyte subset analyses revealed normal levels of both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells (883 and 850 cells/μl, respectively). 