I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

Case 2 A 45-year-old housewife gradually developed involuntary bruxism (teeth grinding), dysphagia, dysarthria, vocalization, and frequent self-mutilation behaviors (tongue and lip biting) after a recovery from a severe mouth ulcer 1 month ago. Her orofacial chorea was characterized by clumsy, non-coordinated mandibular movement and occasional grimacing activities. A further family history inquiry revealed no similar symptom presenters. On neurological examination, she showed frequent teeth clenching, reduced limb muscle tone and tendon reflex and multiple lip ulcers. To prevent the risk of self-mutilation, she had to continuously hold a roll of cloth in her mouth. The serum CK, LDH, and HBDH levels are all within normal ranges (see Table 1). On the basis of clinical features and serum biomchemical indicators, the patient was temporarily diagnosed with oromandibular dystonia. But a routine blood smear test accidentally detected acanthocytes. Subsequently, three repeated and independent peripheral blood smears conformably detected acanthocytes, with acanthocytes ratio averaged to 17% of CBC (see Figure 1B-right column). Besides, brain MRI scanning demonstrated mild atrophy in the caudate head and putamen bilaterally, accompanying moderate anterior horn dilation of lateral ventricles (see Figure 1A-right column). 