I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The patient, a 6 year old Caucasian female, was the product of a triplet pregnancy born at 33 weeks gestation. She was noted, in utero, to have a smaller head than either of her siblings, and by parents’ report at 30 days of age her head circumference was 30 cm (−2 SD on preterm growth curve). At birth, she was noted to have issues with temperature regulation, waking and feeding, but was able to be discharged with her siblings at 29 days of age. Besides a history of short stature, delayed bone age, asthma, environmental allergies and a question of sleep apnea, she has been generally in good health. Primary concerns for the patient has been with her development.  While motor milestones were met fairly normally, her cognitive, language, and fine motor/adaptive skills were delayed.  She required early intervention and attended developmental preschool. For the current school year she is in an integrated  1st grade class with an aide. She receives occupational therapy to assist with visual motor integration, speech therapy to  improve her articulation, and extra help for reading. Most recent measures of general intelligence (performed at 6½ years of age)  reveal a below average full scale IQ of 75 with greatest impairment in processing speed. On the Wechsler Preschool and  Primary Scale of Intelligence III Revised (for children 2 years 6 m – 7 years 3 m), she obtained a Verbal IQ of 83,  Nonverbal IQ of 75, and Processing speed 71. On the Wechsler Individual Achievement Testing (WIAT) she showed  significant struggles in secondary language on tasks of early reading (SS 60), word reading (SS 70), reading comprehension (SS 69)  and struggles in math on the task of numerical operations (SS 61) (WPPSI – R and WIAT mean = 100 and SD = 15).  Parents report subjectively that differences in development relative to her sisters are becoming more apparent with time.  In terms of the patient’s family history, the patient was born to a Northern European mother and Caucasian father with Cherokee ancestry with no reported consanguinity (Fig. 1b). The patient’s family history was remarkable for benign familial epilepsy and pseudohypoparathyroidism in her older sibling, history of seizures on her maternal side and a history of attention deficient disorder and cleft palate on the paternal side. Head circumferences measurements were taken on the patient’s three sisters and were all well within the normal range. 