I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The proposita (Figure 1A) was a 57-year-old woman with family history remarkable for CTD in her two 39- and 34-year-old daughters. She was born from unrelated Italian parents after an uneventful pregnancy and delivery. Her perinatal and psychomotor development was normal. Two pregnancies resulted in the birth of two daughters. In the first pregnancy she reported premature membrane rupture at 34 weeks, and in the second a threatened abortion. The spontaneous menopause was at 50 years. Clinical history presented widespread signs of CTD. Since the childhood sub/luxations of the shoulders, wrists, knees and ankles were occurring. She suffered from acute articular rheumatism, diagnosed at 9 years, and right relapsing inguinal hernia, surgically treated at 9, 25, and 40 years. Since her twenties, she referred chronic generalized articular pain, mainly affecting her back, treated with NSAIDs. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), performed at 42 years, revealed dural ectasia, lumbar discal hernias (L5-S1) and hypoplasia of the twelfth ribs (Figure 1B). Clinical history also included crural hernia, surgically treated at 25 and 40 years, hiatal hernia with gastroesophageal reflux, chronic headache, gingival fragility, and easy bruising. Ectopia lentis was excluded by ophthalmologic evaluation. ECG and echocardiography, performed at 49 years for tachycardia, discovered paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia and MVP with minimal regurgitation and normal systolic function (EF 65%). Following this analysis she underwent cryoablation therapy. At this age the aortic root diameter was normal. On examination at 56 years, she presented with normal stature (1,63 m), light blue sclerae, high arched palate, micrognathia, elongated philtrum, hypoplasic uvula, doughy and hyperextensible skin over the neck, the forearm, and the elbows, old aging aspect, striae distensae over the hips, joint hypermobility according to Beighton score (9/9), and scoliosis (Figure 1A). A brain, thoracic and abdominal MRA revealed tortuosity and ectasia of carotid, vertebral, and cerebral arteries, and marked tortuosity of two segmental pulmonary arteries (Figure 1B). No other vascular abnormalities were detected. 