I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The index patient (II.2; Fig. 1B and D) is a 45-year-old woman, who developed a mild proximal muscle weakness since early childhood. She never crawled and started to walk at the age of 2 years. She fell frequently and performed poorly at school sports. She suffered from mild progressive scoliosis since the age of 13 years (Fig. 1D). At the age of 45 years, she presented with a waddling gait and a mild proximal and distal lower limb weakness, resulting in problems to run and difficulties to climb the stairs. She walked unassisted without distance limitation. She had no myalgia, myoglobinuria, diplopia, dysarthria or dysphagia. Pulmonal infections or signs of respiratory insufficiency did not occur. The clinical neurological examination revealed generalized muscle hypotrophy and a body mass index (BMI) of 17.2. The index patient presented a long narrow face, high arched palate, discrete micrognathia (Fig. 1B), scoliosis and scapula alata (Fig. 1D). She did not present facial weakness, ophthalmoparesis, or ptosis. She could not walk on the heels, while toe walking was normal. The patient did not present a Gowers’ sign. Muscle strength was symmetrically decreased in the neck flexors (MRC 4/5), deltoid (4/5), biceps brachii (4/5), hamstrings (4/5), foot extensors (4/5) and foot supination and pronation (4/5) muscles. The index patient did not have foot deformities. Deep tendon reflexes were weak or absent. Touch and vibration sense were unremarkable. The muscle biopsy of the index patient (left quadriceps femoris muscle; 34 years; performed 11 years prior to her first presentation at our neurological department) showed cap-shaped, bluish subsarcolemmal inclusions in 6% of the fibres on mGT (Fig. 3A), that were slightly eosinophilic on HE (Fig. 3B). The caps comprised up to 50% of the muscle fibre at transverse sections. Myosin ATPase reactivity was reduced in the cap areas (Fig. 3C and D). The cap structures were darkly stained on NADH-TR (Fig. 3E) and were not detectable on periodic acid-Schiff (PAS) staining. The myosin ATPase stains revealed type 1 fibre predominance. Numerous atrophic fibres and nuclear bags were observed. The endomysial connective tissue was not increased. Rare myophagic reactions in muscle fibres were present, while inflammatory infiltrates were absent. In the index patient, MRI revealed symmetrical fatty infiltration in paraspinal muscles (Fig. 2C), gluteus maximus and minimus (Fig. 2E), semimembranosus and biceps femoris muscles (Fig. 2G), and less pronounced in soleus and tibial anterior muscles (Fig. 2I). . Serum CK levels were examined in patients II.2 and III.1 and were normal. 