I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

Patient II-3. At the age of 41 years, the male index patient developed slowly progressive symmetric muscle weakness, which started in the proximal upper limb muscles but is now most pronounced in the proximal leg muscles. Three years after onset he noticed increasing hearing impairment and bone pain. Elevated plasma levels of the bone-specific alkaline phosphatase isoenzyme (168 g/L, normal 8 –17) in combination with typical changes on a 99mTc total body bone scan suggested a diagnosis of PDB. Biphosphonate treatment was initiated and led to improvement of bone pain and a marked reduction of alkaline phosphatase. The muscle weakness, however, continued to increase, and eventually the patient became unable to walk more than 30 meters unaided. On examination, there was proximal weakness and atrophy of the limb muscles with bilateral scapular winging and a positive Trendelenburg sign. He had a waddling gait and required the support of two crutches. The patient’s wife had recently noticed an impaired capability of her husband to recognize faces of persons known to him. In addition, he had become apathetic and had lost interest in previous hobbies. Plasma creatine kinase (CK) levels were mildly elevated. Nerve conduction studies were normal, but electromyographic studies showed moderate myopathic changes with fibrillation potentials and polyphasic small-amplitude, short-duration motor unit potentials. Neuropsychological evaluation (DemTect, frontal assessment battery)  did not show significant cognitive impairment. Audiometry revealed moderate left-sided perceptive deafness of 50 dB HL. Cranial magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed bony changes typical of Paget disease, but no evidence of auditory nerve compression due to Paget disease. Intracranial findings were normal without signs of frontal lobe atrophy. A muscle biopsy from the quadriceps muscle revealed moderate histopathological changes consisting of angulated and atrophic fibers with a few inclusion bodies, but no rimmed vacuoles. The inclusions were ubiquitin-positive, but they were negative for beta-amyloid. Ubiquitin-positive inclusions could also be demonstrated in the nucleus of myocytes, endothelial cells, and fibroblasts. 