I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

A 24-month-old Japanese boy was referred to our hospital for evaluation of his short stature. He was born at a gestational age of 38 weeks and 4 days and had a submucous cleft palate and micrognathia. His birth weight was 3225 g (+0.53 standard deviation (SD) of average Japanese male infants), and his birth length was 45 cm (−1.80 SD). His submucous cleft palate was repaired at 18 months of age. Tympanostomy tubes were placed at the same time for secretory otitis media. Auditory brainstem response testing showed normal findings. At 22 months, he was found to have bilateral leukocoria. Phacoemulsification and anterior vitrectomy for bilateral lens opacities were performed at another hospital. He was considered to have Pierre Robin sequence, but the association with the ophthalmic symptoms was not investigated. He received speech therapy for speech delay. At presentation, the patient weighed 11.6 kg (−0.33 SD) with a height of 79.1 cm (−2.52 SD). His arm span was 79 cm, and his sitting height was 48.5 cm (sitting height/height ratio 0.61). He showed ocular hypertelorism; prominent eyes due to shallow eye sockets; a flat midface with a depressed nasal bridge; anteverted nares; micrognathia; low-set ears; and limitations in bilateral elbow flexion; but no hypotonia, hyperextensible joints, or joint pain. All other family members, which included his parents and two brothers, were healthy. His parents are not consanguineous. His father’s height was 182 cm (+1.93 SD of average Japanese adult men), and his mother’s height was 147 cm (−2.09 SD of average Japanese adult women). Radiographs showed thickening of the calvaria, widening of the distal humeral metaphysis, lack of femoral head ossification, deformity of the femoral neck, and distal femoral and proximal tibial epiphyseal ossification centers. Serum insulin-like growth factor-1 was 20.17 nmol/L (154 ng/ml) (normal range 2.36–20.17 nmol/L [18–154 ng/ml]). An L-arginine stimulation test for growth hormone (0.5 g/kg arginine) showed a peak growth hormone level of 16.4 ng/ml. A luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone/thyrotropin-releasing hormone stimulation test (3 μg/kg luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone; 10 μg/kg thyrotropin-releasing hormone) showed prepubertal and normal thyroid-stimulating hormone responses. His karyotype was 46,XY. A brain magnetic resonance imaging scan showed no abnormalities. Echocardiography showed no evidence of mitral valve prolapse. 