I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The proband is a 12-year-old male, born to healthy, non-consanguineous parents. He has one healthy brother. He was born by cesarean section due to placenta previa at 36 weeks of gestation. No asphyxia was recorded. His birth weight, length and head circumference were 2324bg (−0.6 s.d.), 42.6 cm (−1.5 s.d.) and 32.5 cm (+0.3 s.d.), respectively. Imperforate anus with rectovesical fistula and bilateral congenital cataracts were diagnosed at birth and were operated twice on at 1 day and 3 months, respectively.  He was referred to our hospital because of developmental delay at 10 months. Physical examination revealed short stature, hypotonia and spasticity of lower extremities. No facial dimorphism, including microcornea, auricular or teeth deformities, was seen. At 1 year 6 months, he could crawl but could not sit alone nor speak coherent words. At 2 years, he regressed and could not crawl. At 2 years 10 months, he presented with brief tonic seizures, which were controlled with valproate. Electric encephalogram showed rare spikes. At 8 years, a gastrostomy was placed for progressive swallowing difficulties. At 9 years, he presented with intermittent choreoathetotic movement. MRI performed at 10 months and 5 years showed progressive atrophy of the cerebellar cortex and caudate, with hyperintensity of the cerebellar cortex on T2-weighted images (Figures 1a–d). He had normal serum creatine kinase, amino acid, lactate, pyruvate, tandem mass spectroscopy and karyotype. Nerve conduction time and brainstem auditory evoked potentials were also normal. Skeletal radiography showed epiphyseal dysplasia on both knees (Figure 1e). Brain MRI of the case. (a, b) Hyperintensity of the cerebellar cortex on T2-weighted images was visible at 10 months. (c,d) Progressive atrophy of cerebellar cortex and caudate and hyperintensity of the cerebellar cortex on T2-weighted images was seen at 5 years. (e) Skeletal radiography of the patient’s knees at 12 years. Epiphyseal dysplasia in both femoral metaphysis was seen.  