I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

A two-month-old male with failure to thrive, hyponatremia, hypovolemia, and cleft lip and palate was referred to the ophthalmology service for evaluation. He was born to healthy, unrelated parents and had three unaffected siblings. A cleft lip was noted on prenatal ultrasound and a repeat ultrasound confirmed bilateral cleft lip and palate. Fetal echocardiogram was normal. The remainder of the pregnancy was uncomplicated and he was born at 39 weeks via spontaneous vaginal delivery with a birthweight of 2,953 grams (10–25th centile). He spent two days in the hospital before being discharged home. At seven weeks of age, he was hospitalized for dehydration and electrolyte abnormalities after seven days of vomiting and diarrhea. An orogastric tube was placed to supplement his oral feeds. However, two weeks later, he was readmitted for emesis and discomfort with feeds. Given his recurrent episodes of failure to thrive and his cleft lip and palate, the decision was made to supplement his parenteral nutrition with enteral nutrition through a gastrostomy tube. On examination at two months of life, weight was 3.88 kilograms (<2nd centile), length was 57 centimeters (25th centile) and occipitofrontal circumference was 39 centimeters (50th centile). Craniofacial features included a prominent and square forehead, a prominent occiput, bilateral preauricular pits, and bilateral cleft lip and palate with distortion of the nares (Figure 1). He was light averse in both eyes, but had normal intraocular pressures by palpation. The anterior segment appeared normal, but he had a large chorioretinal coloboma involving the optic nerve and macula in his left eye (Figure 2). On review in ophthalmology clinic six months later, his mother reported he was sensitive to light. At this time, he was noted to fix and follow with each eye. He had normal pupillary responses and intraocular pressures of 9 mmHg in each eye by iCare. He demonstrated an intermittent left exotropia with grossly full extraocular movements. The anterior segment was notable for irregularity of the corneal surface with significant punctate staining of both corneas when examined with fluorescein eye drops and cobalt blue light. Although there were diffuse punctate epithelial erosions in both eyes, there were no frank epithelial defects. The right fundus was normal and the left fundus demonstrated the same extensive optic disc coloboma, unchanged from prior examination. A cycloplegic refraction was also performed and revealed +2.00 sphere/+1.00 cylinder × 090 for the right eye and +0.50 diopter sphere for the left. Pathologic analysis of the duodenum demonstrated unremarkable small intestinal mucosa with an intact brush border. Electron microscopy verified an intact unremarkable surface epithelium, without evidence of tufting or microvillus inclusions, although it can be difficult to detect the characteristic “tufts” associated with tufting enteropathy on routine biopsies of the small bowel. The cell junctions between the surface epithelial cells were intact and of normal configuration and the epithelial cell organelles were of normal morphology. 