I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The index patient is a seven-month-old boy born to first cousins parents, presenting with a prolonged history of fever and recurrent infections for 4 months. Parents reported intermittent bleeding episodes from the nose, mouth, and anus that, during patient hospitalization, were unsuccessfully treated with broad-spectrum antibiotics and packed red cells and platelets transfusion. Examination revealed a failure to thrive in the child, with both height and body weight below the 3rd percentile. He had severe pallor, bruises all over the body, and there were bilateral anterior and posterior cervical palpable lymph nodes, which were firm and tender. The liver was also palpable; it was 9 cm in span, soft and non-tender, while a firm spleen was also palpable 3 cm in its longitudinal axis. The previous record had shown bicytopenia and leukocytosis, growth of multiple microorganisms in blood, including Burkholderia cepacia and Staphylococcus aureus, and persistently high inflammatory markers. Extensive investigations done during this admission confirmed the anemia, thrombocytopenia, and leukocytosis. Bone marrow aspiration and trephine biopsy showed cellular marrow. Basic primary immunodeficiency workup showed normal immunoglobulin, while flow cytometry revealed normal CD18 expression. 