I am running an experiment on a clinical case report to see how your diagnoses compare with those of human experts.
I am going to give you part of a medical case. In this case, you are “Dr. GPT-4”, an AI language model who is providing
a diagnosis. Here are some guidelines. First, there is a single definitive diagnosis, and it is a diagnosis that is known
today to exist in humans. The diagnosis is almost always confirmed by some sort of genetic test, though in rare cases
when such a test does not exist for a diagnosis the diagnosis can instead be made using validated clinical criteria or
very rarely just confirmed by expert opinion. After you read the case, I want you to give a differential diagnosis with
a list of candidate diagnoses ranked by probability starting with the most likely candidate. Each candidate should be
specified with disease name. For instance, if the first candidate is Branchiooculofacial syndrome and the second is
Cystic fibrosis, provide this:

1. Branchiooculofacial syndrome
2. Cystic fibrosis

This list should provide as many diagnoses as you think are reasonable. You do not need to explain your reasoning,
just list the diagnoses. Here is the case:

The patient was an Asian 10-month-old male (individual II-3 in Figure 1) who was bom full term with a birth weight of 3.75 kg (66 percentile). His parents were half-first cousins and had 2 healthy daughters (Figure 1). The proband had mild contractures in major joints at birth but was otherwise noted to be healthy. At 5 months of age, his joint contractures had progressively worsened and were associated with pain in his wrists, elbows, shoulders, hips, knees, and ankles. Concurrently, he developed dark brown/black spots on his knuckles, ankles, back, and neck. Initially, arthrogryposis was suspected, and so he received physical therapy, which resulted in a femur fracture. At that time, he also developed persistent protein-losing enteropathy with significant weight loss. He came to the USA for additional medical care at the age of 10 months. According to the family, there were no other family members who had similar symptoms as the patient. On presentation, the most striking features were the severe malnutrition (5 kg; <3 percentile) and constant irritability. On physical examination, significant joint contractures of the wrists, knees, hips, and ankles were noted (Figure 2A and B). Oral mucosa demonstrated gingival hyperplasia (Figure 2C). There were generalized sclerodermatous changes of the skin, most prominently in the left lower extremity (Figure 2B ). Skin was significant for pearly, erythematous papules and indurated plaques located symmetrically on the back (Figure 2C and D). Similar indurated plaques that were more erythematous than violaceous were also seen on the posterior scalp (Figure 2E). The perianal area revealed multiple coalescent skin-colored, indurated papules involving the perineum (Figure 2F ). Due to long-standing malnutrition, the child had multiple electrolyte abnormalities including a nonanion gap acidosis, hyponatremia, hyperkalemia, and hypoalbuminemia. Clinical findings of patient and skin biopsy. Notes: Contractures of the wrists and ankles (A and B). There were generalized sclerodermatous changes of the skin also appreciated in the extremities, most prominently in the left lower extremity (B). Gingival hyperplasia (C). Skin findings on the back (D), posterior scalp (E), and perineum perianal area (F). 